Session Replay for mobile product docs (#10628)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/explore/session-replay/index.mdx

---
title: "Session Replay"
sidebar_order: 70
description: "Use Session Replay to get reproductions of user sessions to improve your app experience."
---

> Sentry offers Session Replay for Web and Mobile. While Web support has been available and stable, Mobile Replay has recently been available in Beta.

Author: @lizokm you might want to adjust this paragraph. We can also do it in follow up PRs so no rush

---
title: "Session Replay"
sidebar_order: 70
description: "Sentry Session Replay for Web or Mobile applications."

> ---

Reviewer: Ok Catherine helped me!

> description: "Use Session Replay to get reproductions of user sessions to improve your app experience."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about Sentry's Session Replay feature which allows you to view video-like reproductions of user sessions so you can better understand user impact."
```

Reviewer: @lizokm This is the parent page for both web & mobile, so we can't actually say "video-like reproductions". The mobile replays are videos 🫢
